Editor's note: This article first appeared in Ms. Magazine.

The brutality we are witnessing in Minnesota, at the hands of thousands of poorly trained, heavily armed and trigger-happy men who have full reign to hunt and harass anyone who is non-white, is nothing short of state-sponsored terror. It is a horrific illustration of what unfettered power does in the hands of leadership that celebrates and demands violence, especially from men.

Make no mistake: The thousands of new recruits to ICE, driven by a $100 million "wartime recruitment" push, were selected with violence in mind. Recruitment ads targeted male-dominated places and spaces where violence is either required or valorized: gun shows, military bases and local law enforcement, along with UFC fight attendees and people who spent time browsing for tactical gear and weapons.

The content of those ads makes it clear that ICE is the place to scratch the violent itch. Recruitment posters and slogans focus on ideas of national defense and sacred duty, positioning immigrants as an existential threat by imploring applicants to "defend the homeland" against an incursion of "foreign invaders." Veterans get a special nod with phrasing like "your nation calls once more." The work of detaining immigrants is depicted as an epic, heroic quest, with frontier imagery and cowboy-hat clad horsemen alongside language like "one homeland, one people, one heritage."

The ads also dehumanize and fearmonger with racist dog whistles, warning that "the enemies are at the gates" or telling applicants to join ICE to "destroy the flood." One DHS ad uses the phrase "we'll have our home again," which is a lyric from a white supremacist song.

Much of this rhetoric evokes the Great Replacement conspiracy theory, which mobilized white supremacist terrorist attacks in El Paso, Pittsburgh, and Buffalo in recent years with false claims of an orchestrated effort by Jews and feminists to promote immigration, reduce white birthrates, and eliminate white majority societies.

It's not only the homeland that's being defended in this framing. It's also the nation's white women, who the administration has continually depicted as the victims of unfettered crime at the hands of undocumented immigrants. This is why we see Trump administration officials constantly invoking the names of a handful of young white women, like Laken Riley or Jocelyn Nungaray, who were killed by immigrants-even though thousands more women have died at the hands of their lovers, partners or strangers who are citizens. Last week, White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt railed in response to a journalist's question about ICE, describing the "brave men and women of ICE" as "doing everything in their power to remove those heinous individuals and make our communities safer."

False crime statistics about sexual violence have always mobilized white supremacist violence from the extremist fringe, from the KKK's campaign of racial terror, to recent mass shootings. During his attack, the terrorist who killed nine Black worshippers in 2015 in a Charleston church told his victims he was doing this because "y'all are raping our women."

Now, we are seeing those same false claims mobilize state-sponsored violence. The administration is recruiting, training and deploying federal agents who believe they are on some sort of noble, patriotic and manly quest, flying on horseback across the open land to rescue white women and restore the nation to its righteous place.

But protection isn't the only way that gendered narratives mobilize violence. What we are seeing in Minnesota is also about punishment. Replacement conspiracies frame women-especially feminists-as the problem, arguing they are conspiring to have fewer babies, promote abortion, reduce white birth rates and accelerate demographic change. Women who refuse to submit to male authority, refuse God-given heterosexual relationships or reject their 'natural' roles as reproducers of the nation are seen as the enemy.

This is why, after an ICE agent shot Renee Nicole Good in the face after she dared to protest his authority, he lobbed the phrase "fucking bitch" as she was dying. In the days following Good's killing, a local protester reported that another ICE agent sneered at her, "Have you not learned? This is why we killed that lesbian bitch." Another woman was warned to stop obstructing agents because "that's why that lesbian bitch is dead."

This is how men who cannot tolerate a woman's disrespect put her in her place: with violence or the threat of it. The shootings of Renee Nicole Good by an ICE agent and Alex Pretti by CBP agents-coming on the heels of numerous deaths of ICE detainees in recent months-are a predictable outcome of the institutional norms and social hierarchies the administration is valorizing.

As thousands of amped up men are deployed in the streets and taught there are no consequences for killing anyone who refuses to submit to their authority, we should anticipate more violence to come. After all: The violence is the point.

Cynthia Miller-Idriss is a scholar at American University, where she is the founding director of the Polarization and Extremism Research and Innovation Lab (PERIL). She is the author of several books including, Man Up: The New Misogyny and the Rise of Violent Extremism.